>> Steve Kinney: And we're gonna get
to talking about my favorite thing in
computers which is trade-offs, right?
There is a certain simplicity to a tongue,
that makes sense in our cases.
But they're not pure,
that's what we talked about before,
they have side effects and
the further your code gets away from being
like a pure function,
where you put in inputs and
you get outputs,
the harder things are to test, right?
If a piece of your code involves something
this happening to be globally in scope,
you need to now simulate
that in your tests, right?
Which depending on what it is
can be really difficult if it
does have a side effect or if it is
talking to the network in this case,
you need to mock that out, right?
That can all be slightly difficult,
it's not super difficult so
here's like a test that you could use for
a thunk.
There is a library called fetchMock,
if we're trying to actually fetch from
a server,
we can mock it out with a response.
And then that would resolve the thunk and
we would dispatch and
everything would be gravy,
and it's all good, right?
But that is less simple than the tests
you saw when you were implementing Redux
earlier and there were just object goes in
a function, something comes out, right?
It is definitely a little bit
more difficult than that, and
like this overhead starts to weigh on you.
So it would be great if we could
dispatch something from the database,
right, and that's it,
we're dispatching action.
Something sits in the middle, handles
all that, dispatches another action that
changes the UI, it would be great
if we could get in the middle.
But a lot of times, the way to make
something easier is to give yourself
a good hook somewhere in the middle of the
process that you don't previously have.
So we dispatched an action, whatever
other stuff goes on, we can wait for
that to happen and then we dispatch.
And actually we can say like hey, did the
button, that you click, did that dispatch?
And you are like tongue or item, action?
Like right now it's going to dispatch
a tongue which will eventually dispatch
an action, but
how did you know that clicking
the button did the thing you wanted?
You don't, right?
Unless you do the entire process of
mocking out the server, waiting for
the server to respond,
getting back the action that was
dispatched through the thunk.
Like you have to wait for all of this
when you just wanna know hey, the user,
if they touched this button I just wanna
know, did this action fire, right?
So we need some way to get in there,
right?
We need to figure out
the information that's going before the
A sync and information after the A sync.